{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18080\viewh9780\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Terms of Use\

\fs28 You are allowed to use this licensed application (the software), provided that you follow, and agree to all the following terms.\

\f1\b0 \'93The Server\'94 is where the uploaded data is stored. \'93This Software\'94 or \'93The Software\'94 refers to this App, CloudKey.\
\
Please be sure to read, and agree to the Privacy Policy: https://wildwest-productions.com/remotefiles-privacypolicy\
\
You are allowed to use This Software f\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 or personal use \'97 to legally store, and or legally sharing files, images, videos, or other data only for your personal use. ANY other use is forbidden.\
You assume ALL responsible and liability for ANY file(s) you upload using This Software.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 You \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
expressly\cf2  \cf4 acknowledge and\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  agree to be liable, and responsible for ANY file(s) you upload using This Software.\
You \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
expressly\cf2  \cf4 acknowledge and\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  agree that you will be \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
liable\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0  for any direct, indirect, incidentally, special, exemplary, or consequential damages however caused by use of This Software.\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 \
\
Your Privacy:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Any data on The Server will be visible to the owner(s) of The Server.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Files uploaded are encrypted with AES-256 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
encryption algorithm (only if enabled).\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your data (like IP address) may be collected when using this app.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}This Software may make calls over HTTP (non-SSL encrypted).\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Your machine serial number SHA1 will be collected, and stored on The Server.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Your machine username will be collected, and stored on The Server.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
Your Data:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Any files on\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  The Server \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
may be removed from The Server without warning or notice.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}File(s) you upload to The Server can be removed, either through The Software, or upon request.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Your data can only be accessed with the same device matching the serial number and user name that uploaded it.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 YOU SOLELY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE LIABLE\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0  FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\
\cf2 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 \
YOU \cf4 EXPRESSLY\cf2  \cf4 ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE AND LIABLE FOR ANY FILE YOU UPLOAD.\cf2 \
\
YOUR SERVICE PROVIDER, APPLICATION PROVIDER, AND ANY PARTY OTHER THEN YOU ARE \cf4 RESPONSIBLE AND LIABLE FOR ANY FILE YOU UPLOAD.\cf2 \
\
\cf4 YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT USE OF THE LICENSED APPLICATION IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. \
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 All of these Terms are additional to any other agreement that accompanied The Software. Including Apples Standard License Agreement: https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/dev/stdeula/\
If you have any questions, please email: westleyr@nym.hush.com.\
\
Last updated on: 2020-12-14 by WestleyR\
\
END_TERMS_OF_USE}